Update licenses-assign.md (#3759)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/fundamentals/licenses-assign.md

## How user and device licenses affect access to services

- Each **user** that you assign a user software license to may access and use the online services and related software (including System Center software) to manage applications and up to 15 MDM devices.

> - You can purchase licenses for any devices separately from user licenses. Device licenses do not need to be assigned to the devices. Each device that accesses and uses the online services and related software (including System Center software) must have a device license available in the M365 tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can purchase licenses for any devices separately from user licenses. Device licenses do not need to be assigned to the devices. Each device that accesses and uses the online services and related software (including System Center software) must have a device license available in the Microsoft 365 tenant.
```
